Question 1: Why is file storage important when you’re using Python? What would happen if you didn’t store local files?

Answer 1: File storage is essential to saving data in Python. Without it, data would be destroyed when the script is finished running or the shell is closed. 

Question 2: In this Exercise you learned about the pickling process with the pickle.dump() method. What are pickles? In which situations would you choose to use pickles and why?

Answer 2: Pickles covert complex data types like dictionaries into a package of bytes and store them in a binary file, allowing us to store more than plain text. I would choose to use pickles anytime I need to save data more complex than a string, int, or float for later retrieval.

Question 3: In Python, what function do you use to find out which directory you’re currently in? What if you wanted to change your current working directory?

Answer 3: To find the current directory, use the command <os.getcwd()>. To change directories, use the command <os.chdir()>, passing the path to the desired directory as an argument.

Question 4: Imagine you’re working on a Python script and are worried there may be an error in a block of code. How would you approach the situation to prevent the entire script from terminating due to an error?

Answer 4: I would use try-except blocks to specify code to be run if everything works as intended, and other code to be run if there is an error. If I expected specific types of errors, I would use multiple except blocks to specify different responses based on the error type in order to inform the user about how to fix the error and get the code to run as intended.

Question 5: You’re now more than halfway through Achievement 1! Take a moment to reflect on your learning in the course so far. How is it going? What’s something you’re proud of so far? Is there something you’re struggling with? What do you need more practice with? Feel free to use these notes to guide your next mentor call. 

Answer 5: Everything is going pretty well so far. I appreciate that the lessons have gradually built to incorporate more complex topics while using the fundamentals covered in previous exercises. At first, I struggled to put together the search_ingredient() function in this exercise, but I’m proud of how I was able to break it apart into smaller pieces and tackle each one in turn, ultimately writing the function as instructed.
